[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So @Input, we simply
define this inside of our component,
that this property is being
populated via an input.
Then on the parent template we
use a property binding to say
whatever we put into this property,
whatever value this
is getting passed to this component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
so, this is what this looks like.
In the component here,
we're saying that my component,
in this case,
we have a greeting property and
in the parent component then we
are defining the greeting property.
And we are sending in 'Hello, Child".
Now you'll notice that I
did not set a default here.
Well, I set a default, so
if it did not get defined,
then it would just go to the default.
So let's actually just hop into some
code real quick and see what this looks
like.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so, this
in the passing data to a component plunk.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
you can see here, this is what we saw.
We have in our my component,
we have an input that is,
we're basically setting greeting,
and so we're binding this.
And then from here,
we can just use string interpolation
to display it in the template.
And then we're passing it
here when we define this.
So, if we go back to our code,
just pull this aside here.
You can see I
have greeting and
I'm passing this in to my component.
But in here I'm not, so
let's do just another one
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: When
you say goodbye to somebody,
what's the opposite of greeting?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Salutation, sure.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I don't know.
Goodbye.
So this is just a property
on the parent component.
And then let's just go ahead and
salutations, so
we're going to property bind to this.
Equals salutation.
And then within our
shell component here
string equals,
>> Speaker 3: Do you hit
the typo?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: Do you hit [INAUDIBLE]?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You do not have to.
But because Scott did, I did.
When-
>> Scott Moss: Is it lower case string or
upper case string [INAUDIBLE]?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I've
been using upper case.
And place n for number, but I don't think
it actually matters the run time because
it get's struck out anyways.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah.
So the answer to that is,
it's good enough, either way I think.
>> Scott Moss: Whatever you want.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Whatever I want, okay?
And we'll just duplicate this here.
>> Scott Moss: I
just want to say one thing.
If you're coming from React, inputs and
outputs are really just props, all right?
An input is a prop that you're
passing into a component, an output
is a handler on it, or
some type of event on a callback.
Same thing.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If
you're coming from Angular 2,
that's exactly how it works as well.
I mean, that's it,
something goes in some event has fired and
we need to handle it on
the parent component.
And, so let's go ahead and re-render
this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
now you can see that on
the two components you
got the default salutation on the top one,
and
the custom salutation on the bottom onw,
the reason being is because in the App TS,
I said greeting on the top one and
salutation on the bottom one.
Pretty straight forward,
any questions on that?
Want to pass something into my component,
put an input on it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: One
other thing worth mentioning here is
that you can also alias this as well.
So for instance, if there's some
weird property shadowing or
something that's happening, and
you want to call it something different,
You can create an alias on that.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
outputs work similar, just in the opposite
direction, and they are events.
So this is very much, if you're
comfortable with expression binding
In Angular 1,
this works very close to that.
The main thing is, with Angular 1,
we had Scope to emit events for us.
With Angular 2,
we do not have that mechanism, so
we need the EventEmitter
to handle that for us.
So make sure that we
import the EventEmitter.
And then we use the output
decorator to define that, hey,
this thing is actually
going to emit an event.
And so, you can see here we've defined
some value, and when this gets called,
it's going to do that call back.
So here we have, click calls greet, and
within this greet method
we are on the property,
we defined as an output.
So we're actually instantiating
this as a new EventEmitter.
So we're saying greeting is
an EventEmitter, or greeter rather, and
from here we're going
to call greeter.emit.
And so, fairly simple,
you have EventEmitter.
You call emit on that to surface
the event to parent component.
And then, in the parent component, and
this is critical, you have MyComponent.
Then greeter,
which is the name of the output,
which is just an event emitter,
we're saying greeter equals greet.
And we are saying
the dollar event parameter.
So whenever we admit something off
of greeter, then it's going to call
whatever we put into the attribute
value of this particular property.
In this case, we're calling greet.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let me just hop into
the code, we'll just see this real quick.
>> Speaker 5: There's a couple questions
on that, what's that layout padding?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So that is,
I'm using material design light
because I like pretty things,
and so that is, design light stuff,
whenever I see pasted snippets in,
I strip that out, so
that's purely That's just material
design stuff that's happening.
Any other questions?
You said questions, plural.
>> Speaker 5: Two people
asking the same one and somebody says,
are there day two plunks?
Are all these links in the same one?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: They're
in the same link.
[INAUDIBLE] .com/fem Hyphen plunks.
Or you go to github.com/onehungrymind,
they are in there as well.
Simply because I've had Plunker go out
on me at the worst possible times,
namely my first Frontend Masters workshop,
I am creating offline versions as well.
So you can actually download them all at
once And this is what you're seeing here.
So we just went through,
downloaded everything, and so
they're online on Plunker.
If you want to fork them, which is really
handy, and look at a specific one, or
you can download the entire set of Plunks.
And we'll be adding to those
as this workshop progresses.
So I'd like to think that eventually
this is going to be the ultimate
repository of Angular 2 examples.
So like a real Martha Steward cookbook for
Angular is the point.
>> Scott Moss: So
you're Martha Stewart in this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm Martha, and
he's Steward.
>> Scott Moss: All right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Any questions on that?
No, just kidding.
All right, so output.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just
go through here real quick.
Fire this up.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
this apparently is, wait.
Did that go?
It happened so fast I didn't even realize,
click the button for a greeting.
Child greeting emitted.
Yay, I'm glad you are all sitting down for
this.